how's it going face-off alright latter
your duel get welcome back
I made a crazy risk with gamble
it's about to pay off what the Celtics
recover I want to sell fix hang time I
want garlic points and me back what do
you know no no I guess no well I'll tell
you what I know it's the dumbest [ __ ]
bet I ever heard of I disagree I
disagree Gary
[Music]
you taking my money all over town
placing bets I'm having very serious
second thoughts you serious right now I
know it okay Howard where's the money
right now is it too late I'm done that
means nothing meant nothing please give
me another shot you like to win right
this is no different than that
this is my [ __ ] way
you think I'm stupid Howard you and your
whole [ __ ] family
I heard you free sir with your [ __ ]
swimming pool I know who said that I
told you about how things were gonna go
you like the way things are going now
that's my family
get the kids out it out you having a
good time yes
[Music]
this is me this is how I win game now
you should be stretching out because
your coach
no just a [ __ ] crazy ass do
you